README.md, before:

# Visco

A Flutter app for estimating visceral adipose tissue (VAT) using the Samouda anthropometric model.

## Features

- Calculate visceral fat from simple body measurements (waist, thigh, weight)
- Track progress over time with charts
- Risk categorization (Healthy, Elevated, High Risk)
- Measurement guides with illustrations

## Calculation Method

Based on [Samouda et al. (2013)](https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC3618381/):

- **Male**: VAT = 6 × Waist - 4.41 × Thigh + 1.19 × Age - 213.65
- **Female**: VAT = 2.15 × Waist - 3.63 × Thigh + 1.46 × Age + 6.22 × BMI - 92.713

## Tech Stack

- Flutter 3.x
- Riverpod (state management)
- Hive (local storage)
- fl_chart (progress visualization)
- GoRouter (navigation)

## Getting Started

```bash
flutter pub get
flutter run
```

## Useful Commands

### Running on Device

```bash
# Run in debug mode on a specific device
flutter run -d "Dimitris iPhone" --debug

# Build and install release version
flutter build ios --release
flutter install --release

# Install on a specific device
flutter install -d "Dimitris iPhone"
```

### Development Build with Dev Options

```bash
# Build with developer options enabled (shows dev menu in Settings)
flutter build ios --release --dart-define=ENABLE_DEV_OPTIONS=true

# Then install
flutter install -d "Dimitris iPhone"
```

## Publishing to TestFlight

### Prerequisites

- Xcode installed with valid Apple Developer account
- App Store Connect access for the app
- Valid signing certificates and provisioning profiles

### Steps

1. **Bump the version** in `pubspec.yaml`:
   ```yaml
   version: 1.0.1+2  # format: major.minor.patch+buildNumber
   ```
   Increment the build number (`+N`) for each TestFlight upload.

2. **Build the iOS archive**:
   ```bash
   flutter build ipa --release
   ```

3. **Upload to App Store Connect** (choose one method):

   **Option A: Using Transporter app**
   - Open Transporter (download from Mac App Store)
   - Drag and drop the `.ipa` file from `build/ios/ipa/`
   - Click "Deliver"

   **Option B: Using xcrun**
   ```bash
   xcrun altool --upload-app --type ios \
     --file build/ios/ipa/visco.ipa \
     --apiKey YOUR_API_KEY \
     --apiIssuer YOUR_ISSUER_ID
   ```

   **Option C: Using Xcode**
   - Open `ios/Runner.xcworkspace` in Xcode
   - Product > Archive
   - Distribute App > App Store Connect > Upload

4. **Wait for processing** (5-15 minutes) in App Store Connect

5. **Add to TestFlight testing**:
   - Go to App Store Connect > TestFlight
   - Select the new build
   - Add to internal/external testers

### Troubleshooting

- If signing fails, run: `cd ios && pod install && cd ..`
- For code signing issues, check Xcode > Preferences > Accounts
- Ensure build number is higher than any previous upload

## License

MIT

Commit message:

fix: address Apple App Store rejection for medical information
- Remove 'Health Risks of Elevated Visceral Fat' section that lacked proper citations
- Add prominent scientific citation card with clickable link to PMC3618381
- Add medical disclaimer on result screen and insights screen
- Add comprehensive disclaimer text in all languages (EN, DE, FR)
- Add App Store description with medical disclaimer to README
- Add links to Luxembourg Institute of Health source calculator

Addresses Apple Guideline 1.4.1 - Safety - Physical Harm requirements:
1. Added citations for medical calculations with links to scientific sources
2. Added medical disclaimer reminding users to consult healthcare providers

README.md, after:

# Visqo

A Flutter app for estimating visceral adipose tissue (VAT) using the Samouda anthropometric model.

## App Store Description

**Copy this description when submitting to the App Store:**

---

Visqo helps you estimate your visceral fat area using simple body measurements. Track your progress over time and understand your results with our easy-to-use calculator.

**Features:**
- Calculate visceral fat from waist and thigh measurements
- Track your progress with visual charts
- Understand your results with clear risk categories
- Step-by-step measurement guides

**Scientific Method:**
Visqo uses the Samouda anthropometric model, a scientifically validated method for estimating visceral adipose tissue without expensive imaging. This method was developed at the Luxembourg Institute of Health and validated against CT scans with 80-84% accuracy.

Reference: Samouda H, et al. (2013). "VAT=TAAT-SAAT: innovative anthropometric model to predict visceral adipose tissue without resort to CT-Scan or DXA." Obesity, 21(1), E41-50.

**IMPORTANT MEDICAL DISCLAIMER:**
This app is for informational and educational purposes only. It does not provide medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. The visceral fat estimates provided are based on statistical models and may not reflect your actual visceral fat levels. Always consult a qualified healthcare provider before making any health-related decisions. Do not disregard professional medical advice or delay seeking it because of information provided by this app. If you have concerns about your health, please contact your doctor.

---

## Features

- Calculate visceral fat from simple body measurements (waist, thigh, weight)
- Track progress over time with charts
- Risk categorization (Healthy, Elevated, High Risk)
- Measurement guides with illustrations

## Calculation Method

Based on [Samouda et al. (2013)](https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC3618381/):

- **Male**: VAT = 6 × Waist - 4.41 × Thigh + 1.19 × Age - 213.65
- **Female**: VAT = 2.15 × Waist - 3.63 × Thigh + 1.46 × Age + 6.22 × BMI - 92.713

## Tech Stack

- Flutter 3.x
- Riverpod (state management)
- Hive (local storage)
- fl_chart (progress visualization)
- GoRouter (navigation)

## Getting Started

```bash
flutter pub get
flutter run
```

## Useful Commands

### Running on Device

```bash
# Run in debug mode on a specific device
flutter run -d "Dimitris iPhone" --debug

# Build and install release version
flutter build ios --release
flutter install --release

# Install on a specific device
flutter install -d "Dimitris iPhone"
```

### Development Build with Dev Options

```bash
# Build with developer options enabled (shows dev menu in Settings)
flutter build ios --release --dart-define=ENABLE_DEV_OPTIONS=true

# Then install
flutter install -d "Dimitris iPhone"
```

## Publishing to TestFlight

### Prerequisites

- Xcode installed with valid Apple Developer account
- App Store Connect access for the app
- Valid signing certificates and provisioning profiles

### Steps

1. **Bump the version** in `pubspec.yaml`:
   ```yaml
   version: 1.0.1+2  # format: major.minor.patch+buildNumber
   ```
   Increment the build number (`+N`) for each TestFlight upload.

2. **Build the iOS archive**:
   ```bash
   flutter build ipa --release
   ```

3. **Upload to App Store Connect** (choose one method):

   **Option A: Using Transporter app**
   - Open Transporter (download from Mac App Store)
   - Drag and drop the `.ipa` file from `build/ios/ipa/`
   - Click "Deliver"

   **Option B: Using xcrun**
   ```bash
   xcrun altool --upload-app --type ios \
     --file build/ios/ipa/visco.ipa \
     --apiKey YOUR_API_KEY \
     --apiIssuer YOUR_ISSUER_ID
   ```

   **Option C: Using Xcode**
   - Open `ios/Runner.xcworkspace` in Xcode
   - Product > Archive
   - Distribute App > App Store Connect > Upload

4. **Wait for processing** (5-15 minutes) in App Store Connect

5. **Add to TestFlight testing**:
   - Go to App Store Connect > TestFlight
   - Select the new build
   - Add to internal/external testers

### Troubleshooting

- If signing fails, run: `cd ios && pod install && cd ..`
- For code signing issues, check Xcode > Preferences > Accounts
- Ensure build number is higher than any previous upload

## License

MIT
